
I am a bond-servant of Christ. My biggest and greatest desire is to please Him in everything I do! (2 Corinthians 5:9, Hebrews 12:2)

I seek Christ’s favor every waking moment (Galatians 1:10)

I have been justified by faith. I have peace with God through my Lord Jesus Christ. (Romans 5:1)

I am free from condemnation because I am in Christ. I no longer walk after the fallen nature of the flesh. I now walk by the righteous nature of Christ. (Romans 8:1-2)

I am sanctified, set apart from the world, Holy and dedicated to God’s purposes. (1 Corinthians 1:2)

I am found in Christ, not having my own righteousness which is of the law, but that which is through the faith of Christ, the righteousness which is of Christ by faith. (Philippians 3:9)

I am the righteousness of God! (2 Corinthians 5:21)

Christ was manifested to take away my sin. In Him there is no sin. I abide in Him and I do not sin. (1 John 3:5-6)

I am dead indeed to sin, but alive to God through Jesus Christ my Lord. (Romans 6:11)

I am in Christ, I am a new creation, a new species of being that never before existed, I am a SON of God (2 Corinthians 5:17) 

I am of God. Greater is He that is in me than he that is in the world! (1 John 4:4)

I am established in Christ, I Am ANOINTED (2 Corinthians 1:21)

I have been set free from bondage of the law and now adopted as God’s very own SON with FULL RIGHTS! (Galatians 4:4-5)

In Christ I have BOLDNESS to enter freely into God’s presence without fear; I have direct access to almighty God my Father. (Ephesians 3:12)

I am a SON of God, born neither of blood nor of the will of man, but born of God! (John 1:12-13)

I have POWER to tremble on serpents and scorpions, and POWER over all the power of the enemy: and nothing shall by any means hurt me! (Luke 10:19)

I have POWER and authority to cast out evil spirits, POWER to heal all manner of sickness and all manner of disease (Matthew 10:1, Luke 9:1)

Everyone I pray for gets healed 100% of the time, regardless of what sickness or disease is on them, No Exceptions! (Mark 16:18)

Because I believe on Jesus, the works that He did I do also; even greater works than those I will do (John 14:12)

I am a can-do believer, I CAN DO ALL THINGS through Christ who strengthens me! (Philippians 4:13)

I am very PERSISTENT, I never stop until I see every bit of God’s word fulfilled in the physical! (Luke 11:5-10)

The spiritual realm is more real than the physical, the physical is unsettled, it’s fickle. The spiritual is my true reality! (2 Corinthians 4:18)

I am a SON of God; I am the manifest SON of God that creation is waiting for. (Romans 8:19)

I have been commissioned to heal the sick, cleanse the lepers, RAISE THE DEAD, cast out devils: freely I have received, freely I will give! (Matthew 10:8)

I have been commissioned to show LOVE, the LOVE of God, to LOVE everyone earnestly! (1 Peter 4:8)

I have been approved by God to be entrusted with The Gospel, so I labor, not to please man, but to please God (1 Thessalonians 2:4)

As God’s SON, Holy and dearly LOVED, I choose to cloth myself with COMPASSION, with Kindness, with HUMILITY, Gentleness and Patience. (Colossians 3:12)

Since this new way gives me confidence, I walk with great BOLDNESS! (2 Corinthians 3:12)

I am seated together with Christ in heavenly places (Ephesians 2:6)

I walk as Jesus did while on earth, in every respect; in Character, BOLDNESS, HUMILITY, LOVE and also, Incredible POWER! (1 John 2:6)

Everywhere I go people can sense the sweet aroma of Christ on me, both saved people, and those who are not yet saved. (2 Corinthians 2:15)

I am healed and forever free from sickness and disease, By His stripes I was healed (Isaiah 53:5, 1 Peter 2:24)

Jesus took upon Himself sickness and carried away diseases. I am redeemed from sickness and disease (Matthew 8:17, Isaiah 53:4)

The life of Jesus is being manifest in my mortal flash (2 Corinthians 4:10)

Whom the Son sets free is free indeed, so I am free indeed; free from bondage of sin and free from all ungodly habits. I am truly FREE! (John 8:36)

In ALL things I am more than a conqueror through Him that LOVES me. (Romans 8:37)

My God SUPPLIES ALL my needs according to his RICHES in glory by Christ Jesus. (Philippians 4:19)

I have not fixed my hope on the uncertainty of riches, but I trust in God, who RICHLY SUPPLIES me with ALL things to enjoy. (1 Timothy 6:17)

I am prosperous and successful in whatever I do (Joshua 1:8)

I am blessed coming in; I am blessed going out. (Deuteronomy 28:6)

I have been GREATLY BLESSED financially to be a blessing to others (Genesis 12:2)

My responsibility is to bring finances and material possessions into The Kingdome of my Father (Malachi 3:10)

Surely, goodness and mercy will pursue me all the days of my life (Psalm 23:6)

Christ has given me rest. I have taken his yoke upon me and I am learning from Him, for He is meek and lowly in heart. I have found rest for my soul. His yoke is easy and his burden is light.  (Matthew 11:28-30)

I am always at Peace. In the world there shall be tribulation but I am of good cheer because Christ has overcome the world. (John 16:33)

God causes all things to work together for my good (Romans 8:28)

I am a SON of God; I am a joint-heir with Christ (Romans 8:17)

As Jesus is, I AM: I live like Christ in this world (1 John 4:17)

I have been blessed with all spiritual blessings in heavenly places in Christ (Ephesians 1:3)

In everything I do, I am motivated by LOVE (1 Corinthians 16:14)

I am not moved by what I see, for I walk by FAITH, not by sight! (2 Corinthians 5:7)

God has given me BOLDNESS to preach His Message with GREAT COURAGE; I heal the sick and see SIGNS and WONDERS through the name of Jesus Christ, my Lord (Acts 4:29-30)

God has anointed me with The Holy Ghost and with POWER, so I go about doing good, HEALING ALL who are oppressed of the devil, for God is always with me (Acts 10:38)

I am a partaker of the divine nature, I have the nature of God. The “supernatural” is natural to me! (2 Peter 1:4)

Out of me words of prophecy flow like rivers of living water, I prophecy accurately all the time, I’m able to hear God’s voice, clearly at all times (John 10:27, John 7:38)

I am a SON of God, I am able to clearly discern the leading of the Spirit of God at all times (John 8:14)

I have not been given a spirit of fear, or “shyness”; but a spirit of POWER, and of LOVE, and of a sound mind! (2 Timothy 1:7)

I am fully convinced that neither death, nor life, nor angels, nor principalities, nor powers, nor the present, nor the future, nor height, nor depth, nor anything else in all creation, shall be able to separate me from the LOVE of God, which is in Christ Jesus my Lord. (Romans 8:38-39)

For as high as the heavens are above the earth, so great is His steadfast LOVE towards me (Psalm 103:11)

I give thanks to God, for I am fearfully and wonderfully made; Wonderful are your works, and I know it very well. (Psalm 139:14)

God LOVES me; He LOVES me with an everlasting LOVE! (Jeremiah 31:3)

In Christ, I am righteous; therefore I am BOLD! I am as BOLD as a LION! (Proverbs 28:1)

I excel in everything, in FAITH, in speech [in expressing myself], in knowledge, in enthusiasm and dedication, in giving and in LOVE (2 Corinthians 8:7)

I understand that I will never know all there is to know about anything, therefore I maintain a humble heart that is always eager to learn more about everything, and I always stand to be corrected. (1 Corinthians 8:2)

I am the LEAST of all and the SERVANT of all, for even the Son of Man did not come to be served but to serve, and to give His life to redeem many. (Mark 9:35, Mark 10:44, Matthew 20:26, Matthew 23:11, Luke 22:26)

I am an ambassador for Christ, I have been given a message of reconciliation, and my MAIN-PURPOSE in life is to reconcile men to God. (2 Corinthians 5:20)

My message is not with enticing words of man's wisdom, but in demonstration of the Spirit and of POWER! (1 Corinthians 2:4)

No matter how bad people treat me, or how humiliating situations may be, I will endure all things for the sake of those who still need to obtain the salvation which is in Christ Jesus. (2 Timothy 2:10)

God has said to me, “I will never leave you, nor forsake you.” So I boldly say, “The Lord is my helper, and I will not fear! What can man do to me?” (Hebrews 13:5-6)

My Father has assigned angels over me, to protect and guard me wherever I go (Psalm 91:11)

Angels are ministering spirits [servants] sent out to serve and assist me (Hebrews 1:14)

I am born of God and I OVERCOME the world. This is the victory that overcomes the world, even my FAITH. (1 John 5:4)

I am a SOLDIER of Christ, I ENFORCE the principles and polices of the Heavenly Kingdome on this planet! (2 Timothy 2:3)

My soul desire is to bring Glory to my Father; therefore I bear much fruit and it pleases me to see others bear even much greater fruit to the Glory of our Father. (John 15:8) 

I am not interested in being liked or accepted by people, I never try to impress others, I never seek approval, or praise, or glory from anyone, but seek only the glory and honor and praise that comes from God my Father (1 John 5:44)

I do nothing out of selfishness, or vain glory. But in humility, I think of others as more important, more significant and better than myself (Philippians 2:3)

I do not compete, but I’m more interested in the success of others than my own success and I push others higher, even above me. I don't look out only for my own interests, but also for the interests of others. (Philippians 2:4)

I am quick to listen, slow to speak and slow to anger. (James 1:19)

I am dead, and my life is now hidden with Christ in God. (Colossians 3:3)

I have been crucified with Christ and I no longer live, but Christ lives in me. The life I now live in the body, I live by faith in the Son of God, who LOVED me and gave himself for me. (Galatians 2:20)

The same Spirit, the same POWER that raised Christ from the dead lives in me! (Romans 8:11)

The fullness of God indwells me (Ephesians 3:19, Colossians 2:9-10)

He that sent me is always with me, He will never leave me alone, and I do always those things that please Him. (John 8:29)

I came down from Heaven, not to do mine own will, but the will of Him that sent me. (John 6:38)

Through me, He must be glorified and become more important while I become less important. (John 3:30)

I have CHOSEN to walk in perfect Faith, I have and operate with the God Kind of FAITH and nothing is impossible to me! (Matthew 17: 20, Mark 11:22)

I am in Christ, I am a new creation, a new species of being that never before existed (2 Corinthians 5:17)

I am a SON of God (John 1:12)

I have become ONE with Jesus, He has made me acceptable to God, I am holy and righteous before God (1 Corinthians 1:30)

I am WISE, Christ has become my WISDOME; therefore I deal wisely in all the affairs of life. (1 Corinthians 1:30)

I have POWER to tremble on snakes and scorpions, and POWER over all the power of the enemy: and nothing shall by any means hurt me! (Luke 10:19)

God causes every favor and earthly blessing come to me in abundance, so that I may always and under all circumstances and whatever the need, be self-sufficient. (2 Corinthians 9:6-11)

I have not been given a spirit of fear; but a spirit of POWER, and of LOVE, and of a sound mind! (2 Timothy 1:7)

My Father has assigned angels over me, to protect and guard me wherever I go (Psalm 91:11)

I have POWER and authority to cast out evil spirits, POWER to heal all manner of sickness and all manner of disease (Matthew 10:1, Luke 9:1)

The law of the Spirit of life in Christ Jesus has set me free from the law of sin and death. And because of that law of Life, no virus, germ, bacteria, disease or sickness will ever affect me! (Romans 8:1-2)

The floodgates of heaven are opened over me and I am receiving financial blessings that I cannot contain. (Mal 3:10)

No weapon formed against me shall prosper! And I will condemn everyone who tries to accuse me. (Isaiah 54:17)

I am seated together with Christ in the place of POWER, AUTHORITY and DOMINO (Ephesians 1:20, 2:6)

I am Patient and I am Kind, I am never Jealous, or Envious of anyone  (1 Corinthians 13:4)

I value other people above myself [I care more for others than for self] (1 Corinthians 13:5)

I never brag, I am not arrogant, I am not proud, I am not puffed up (1 Corinthians 13:4)

I am not rude I am not self-seeking, I am not selfish, I never insist on my own way(1 Corinthians 13:5)

I am not easily provoked, nor overly sensitive and easily angered (1 Corinthians 13:5)

I keep no record of wrongs [I pay no attention to a suffered wrong], I make allowance for other’s faults (1 Corinthians 13:5)

I find no joy in unrighteousness but I’m always glad to side with the Truth (1 Corinthians 13:6)

I always look for the best in everyone (1 Corinthians 13:6)

I always protect, always trust, always hope, I always persevere - I never fail! (1 Corinthians 13:7-8)